welcome my name is Sophia and now I'm
going to talk about the Lion King in the
pride lands of Africa a pride of lions
rule over the animal kingdom from Pride
Rock King Mufasa sand Queens the
Robbie's newborn son Simba is presented
to the gathering animals by Rafiki the
mandrill the kingdom's Shaymin and
advisor Mufasa shows Simba the pride
lands and explains to him the
responsibilities of kingship and a
circle of life which connects all living
things mufasa's younger brother scar
covets the throne and plots to eliminate
Mufasa and Simba so he may become king
he tricks Simba and his best friend Nala
to whom Simba is betrothed into
exploring a forbidden elephant's
graveyard where they are attacked by
three spotted hyenas Shenzi Banzai and
Ed who are in league with scar Mufasa is
alerted about the incident by his
majordomo
the hornbill Zazu and rescues the Cubs
though upset with Simba Mufasa forgives
him and explains that the great kings of
the past watch over them from the night
sky from which he will one day watch
over Simba scar sets a trap for his
brother and nephew luring Simba into a
gorge and having the hyenas drive a
large herd of wildebeest
into a stampede that will trample him
scar himself does not interfere to save
Simba but instead informs Mufasa of
Simba's peril knowing that the King will
rush to save his son Mufasa saves Simba
but ends up hanging perilously from the
gorgeous edge scar refuses to help
Mufasa instead sending him falling to
his death
he then convinces Simba that the tragedy
was Simba's own fault and advises him to
leave the kingdom and never return he
orders the hyenas to kill the cub but
Simba escapes scar tells the pride that
both Mufasa and Simba were killed in a
stampede and steps forward as the new
king allowing his three hyena minions
and the rest of their large pack to live
in the pride lands Simba collapses in a
desert and is rescued by Timon and
Pumbaa a meerkat and warthog to our
fellow outcasts and chase away the
vultures Simba grows up in the jungle
with his two new friends living a
carefree life under the motto Hakuna
Matata
no worries in Swahili now a young adult
Simba rescues Timon and Pumbaa from a
hungry lioness who turns out to be Nala
she and Simba reunite and fall in love
and she urges him to return home telling
him that pride lands have become a
drought stricken wasteland under scarce
rain feeling guilty over his father's
death Simba refuses and storms off
he then encounters Rafiki who tells him
that mufasa's spirit lives on in Simba
Simba is visited by the ghost of Mufasa
in the night sky who tells him that he
must take his rightful place as king
realizing that he can no longer run from
his past Simba decides to return to the
pride lands aided by his friends Simba
sneaks past the hyenas at Pride Rock and
confronts scar who had just struck
Surabhi scar taunts Simba over his role
in the fauces death and backs him to the
edge of the rock where he reveals to him
that he murdered Mufasa enraged Simba
pins scar to the ground and forces him
to reveal the truth to the rest of the
pride Timon Pumbaa
Rafiki Baz
and the lionesses fend off the hyenas
while Scarfe attempting to escape is
cornered by Simba at the top of Pride
Rock scar begs for mercy and attempts to
blame the hyenas for his actions Simba
spares his life but orders him to leave
the pride lands forever scar attacks his
nephew but Simba manages to toss him
from the top of the rock scar survives
the fall but has attacked and killed by
the hyenas who overheard his attempt to
betray them afterward Simba takes over
the kingship as rain begins to fall he
also makes Nala his queen later with
Pride Rock restored to its usual state
Rafiki presents Simba and Nala 'he's
newborn cubs to the assembled animals
continuing the circle of life thank you
all for watching don't forget to
subscribe and hit the bell notification
for more of these videos